so Jacob went on his journey and came to
so Jacob went on his journey and came to the land of the people of the east and
the land of the people of the east and
the land of the people of the east and he looked and saw a well in the field
he looked and saw a well in the field
he looked and saw a well in the field and behold there were three flocks of
and behold there were three flocks of
and behold there were three flocks of sheep lying by it for out of that well
sheep lying by it for out of that well
sheep lying by it for out of that well they watered the flocks a large stone
they watered the flocks a large stone
they watered the flocks a large stone was on the wells mouth now all the
was on the wells mouth now all the
was on the wells mouth now all the flocks would be gathered there and they
flocks would be gathered there and they
flocks would be gathered there and they would roll the stone from the wells
would roll the stone from the wells
would roll the stone from the wells mouth water the sheep and put the stone
mouth water the sheep and put the stone
mouth water the sheep and put the stone back in its place on the wells mouth and
back in its place on the wells mouth and
back in its place on the wells mouth and Jacob said to them my brethren where are
Jacob said to them my brethren where are
Jacob said to them my brethren where are you from we are from here and do you
you from we are from here and do you
you from we are from here and do you know Laban the son of Nahor we know him
know Laban the son of Nahor we know him
know Laban the son of Nahor we know him is he well he is well and look his
is he well he is well and look his
is he well he is well and look his daughter Rachel is coming with the Sheep
daughter Rachel is coming with the Sheep
daughter Rachel is coming with the Sheep look it is still high day there's not
look it is still high day there's not
look it is still high day there's not time for the cattle to be gathered
time for the cattle to be gathered
time for the cattle to be gathered together what are the sheep and go and
together what are the sheep and go and
together what are the sheep and go and feed them we cannot until all the flocks
feed them we cannot until all the flocks
feed them we cannot until all the flocks are gathered together and they have
are gathered together and they have
are gathered together and they have rolled the stone from the wells mouth
rolled the stone from the wells mouth
rolled the stone from the wells mouth then we water the Sheep now while he was
then we water the Sheep now while he was
then we water the Sheep now while he was still speaking with them Rachel came
still speaking with them Rachel came
still speaking with them Rachel came with her father's sheep for she was a
with her father's sheep for she was a
with her father's sheep for she was a shepherdess
shepherdess
shepherdess and it came to pass when Jacob saw
and it came to pass when Jacob saw
and it came to pass when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his
Rachel the daughter of Laban his
Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother and the sheep of Laban
mother's brother and the sheep of Laban
mother's brother and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother that Jacob went
his mother's brother that Jacob went
his mother's brother that Jacob went near and rolled the stone from the wells
near and rolled the stone from the wells
near and rolled the stone from the wells mouth and watered the flock of Laban his
mouth and watered the flock of Laban his
mouth and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother
then Jacob kissed Rachel and lifted up
then Jacob kissed Rachel and lifted up his voice and wept and Jacob told Rachel
his voice and wept and Jacob told Rachel
his voice and wept and Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's relative and
that he was her father's relative and
that he was her father's relative and that he was Rebecca's son so she ran and
that he was Rebecca's son so she ran and
that he was Rebecca's son so she ran and told her father that it came to pass
told her father that it came to pass
told her father that it came to pass when Laban heard the report about Jacob
when Laban heard the report about Jacob
when Laban heard the report about Jacob his sister's son but he ran to meet him
his sister's son but he ran to meet him
his sister's son but he ran to meet him and embraced him and kissed him and
and embraced him and kissed him and
and embraced him and kissed him and brought him to his house so he told
brought him to his house so he told
brought him to his house so he told Laban all these things and Laban said to
Laban all these things and Laban said to
Laban all these things and Laban said to him surely you are my bone and my flesh
him surely you are my bone and my flesh
him surely you are my bone and my flesh and he stayed with him for a month then
and he stayed with him for a month then
and he stayed with him for a month then Laban said to Jacob because you are my
Laban said to Jacob because you are my
Laban said to Jacob because you are my relative should you therefore serve me
relative should you therefore serve me
relative should you therefore serve me for nothing tell me what should your
for nothing tell me what should your
for nothing tell me what should your wages be
wages be
wages be now Laban had two daughters the name of
now Laban had two daughters the name of
now Laban had two daughters the name of the elder was Leah and the name of the
the elder was Leah and the name of the
the elder was Leah and the name of the younger was Rachel Leah's eyes were
younger was Rachel Leah's eyes were
younger was Rachel Leah's eyes were delicate but Rachel was beautiful of
delicate but Rachel was beautiful of
delicate but Rachel was beautiful of form and appearance now Jacob loved
form and appearance now Jacob loved
form and appearance now Jacob loved Rachel so he said I will serve you seven
Rachel so he said I will serve you seven
Rachel so he said I will serve you seven years for Rachel your younger daughter
years for Rachel your younger daughter
years for Rachel your younger daughter it is better that I give her to you than
it is better that I give her to you than
it is better that I give her to you than that I should give her to another man
that I should give her to another man
that I should give her to another man stay with me
stay with me
stay with me so Jacob served seven years for Rachel
so Jacob served seven years for Rachel
so Jacob served seven years for Rachel and they seemed only a few days to him
and they seemed only a few days to him
and they seemed only a few days to him because of the love he had for her then
because of the love he had for her then
because of the love he had for her then Jacob said to Laban give me my wife for
Jacob said to Laban give me my wife for
Jacob said to Laban give me my wife for my days are fulfilled that I may go into
my days are fulfilled that I may go into
my days are fulfilled that I may go into her and Laban gathered together all the
her and Laban gathered together all the
her and Laban gathered together all the men of the place and made a feast now it
men of the place and made a feast now it
men of the place and made a feast now it came to pass in the evening that he took
came to pass in the evening that he took
came to pass in the evening that he took Leah his daughter and brought her to
Leah his daughter and brought her to
Leah his daughter and brought her to Jacob but and he went into her and Laban
Jacob but and he went into her and Laban
Jacob but and he went into her and Laban gave his maid Zilpah
gave his maid Zilpah
gave his maid Zilpah to his daughter Leah as a maid so it
to his daughter Leah as a maid so it
to his daughter Leah as a maid so it came to pass in the morning that behold
came to pass in the morning that behold
came to pass in the morning that behold it was Leah and he said to Laban what is
it was Leah and he said to Laban what is
it was Leah and he said to Laban what is this you have done to me was it not for
this you have done to me was it not for
this you have done to me was it not for Rachel that I served you why then have
Rachel that I served you why then have
Rachel that I served you why then have you deceived me it must not be done so
you deceived me it must not be done so
you deceived me it must not be done so in our country to give the younger
in our country to give the younger
in our country to give the younger before the firstborn fulfill her weak
before the firstborn fulfill her weak
before the firstborn fulfill her weak and we will give you this one also for
and we will give you this one also for
and we will give you this one also for the service which you will serve with me
the service which you will serve with me
the service which you will serve with me still another seven years then Jacob did
still another seven years then Jacob did
still another seven years then Jacob did so and fulfilled her week
so and fulfilled her week
so and fulfilled her week so he gave him his daughter Rachel as
so he gave him his daughter Rachel as
so he gave him his daughter Rachel as wife also and Laban gave his maid Bill
wife also and Laban gave his maid Bill
wife also and Laban gave his maid Bill her to his daughter Rachel as a maid
her to his daughter Rachel as a maid
her to his daughter Rachel as a maid then Jacob also went into Rachel and he
then Jacob also went into Rachel and he
then Jacob also went into Rachel and he also loved Rachel more than Leah and he
also loved Rachel more than Leah and he
also loved Rachel more than Leah and he served with Laban still another seven
served with Laban still another seven
served with Laban still another seven years
when the Lord saw that leah was unloved
when the Lord saw that leah was unloved he opened her womb but Rachel was barren
so Leah conceived and bore a son and she
so Leah conceived and bore a son and she called his name Reuben for she said the
called his name Reuben for she said the
called his name Reuben for she said the Lord has surely looked on my affliction
Lord has surely looked on my affliction
Lord has surely looked on my affliction now therefore my husband will love me
now therefore my husband will love me
now therefore my husband will love me then she conceived again and bought a
then she conceived again and bought a
then she conceived again and bought a son because the Lord has heard that I am
son because the Lord has heard that I am
son because the Lord has heard that I am unloved he has therefore given me this
unloved he has therefore given me this
unloved he has therefore given me this son also and she called his name Simeon
son also and she called his name Simeon
son also and she called his name Simeon [Music]
[Music]
[Music] she conceived again and bore a son now
she conceived again and bore a son now
she conceived again and bore a son now this time my husband will become
this time my husband will become
this time my husband will become attached to me because I have borne him
attached to me because I have borne him
attached to me because I have borne him three sons therefore his name was called
three sons therefore his name was called
three sons therefore his name was called Levi and she conceived again and bore a
Levi and she conceived again and bore a
Levi and she conceived again and bore a son now I will praise the Lord therefore
son now I will praise the Lord therefore
son now I will praise the Lord therefore she called his name Judah then she
she called his name Judah then she
she called his name Judah then she stopped bearing
stopped bearing
stopped bearing [Music]